all right hi um I'm going to dye my hair
a dirty blonde and right now my hair is
like a reddish brown but I'm going to
dye it at like 5:30 I want to die right
now but I'm going to leave a little did
we get it I wouldn't make the video when
I got it when I get them hair dye
because I don't have the time and
there's going to be a lot of people here
because I'm having like a lot of people
over tonight so I can't really do it
when future people of you or that would
just be really awkward so here's my hair
before as you see uh some blonde in you
because my natural hair color is dirty
blonde but I've been waiting my roots
and stuff I've been waiting for like
four months now but it's driving me
crazy and I needed on the hair so I
can't deal with on this and I would put
the two videos together of my hair now
and my hair in the future when I'm
dyeing it dirty lon but because my
windows maker
somehow is having malfunctioned I can't
really do that so I'm just gonna do the
first video of my hair now and then I'm
going to do I'm going to do the video of
my head but it's they're gone so use it
now
okay ah
just to give you a tip of hair never dye
your hair red because that was the first
color I ever dyed my hair and it won't
come out
it just won't so never die here with
just warning that okay um okay um yeah
sorry humming a moment okay but
hopefully ah I remember it okay now
after I'd go to second video you can
look on to that and see my heroine with
dirty blonde I'll tell you what Brown
brand and everything I use and we're
about fun and how much money it was Oh